#Script for iOS WS-Biometric Devices Client User Testing

##Intro
* Today, we’re going to be testing a new user interface for capturing biometrics.  It’s running on something like an iPad or iPhone, so no keyboard, no mouse.  You can use touch and gestures.
* Matt’s here to take notes 
<!--Here's a note-->  
* You’re not being tested.
* _Explain “biometric,” “sensor,” and “left slap”_
* We’re going to set up a scenario for you, and that scenario will have a series of tasks to perform.  The tasks will be split into two groups.  When you feel like you’ve reached the end of each task, tell me.
* As you go along, try to tell me what you’re thinking as you’re performing the tasks (this is the “think aloud” instruction ☺)
* Remember, you can leave at any time

##Scenario set-up
* Here’s the scenario for our tasks today.  You are an operator responsible for taking employees’ biometrics to enroll in your system.  In your big, spacious corner office, you have a number of sensors available to you – a couple of fingerprint scanners, an iris scanner, a camera, and a few others.  You will be using some of those sensors to gather data from a few employees today.

##Task group 1
* An employee comes to you to have his left slap print taken
    * TASK: Use the “Crossmatch Guardian A” sensor to collect a fingerprint.
    * TASK: The first result you get is unsatisfactory; what would you do now?
* Another employee comes to you to have their left slap print taken
    * TASK: Using the same sensor, collect his fingerprint. **NOTE: This requires a sensor with a LONG timeout**
        * SUBTASK: During the collection, the employee states that he isn’t feeling well, and can’t continue the collection.  What would you do?
* Suppose you’ve taken a bunch of results, and it’s now time to look at them in more detail
    * TASK: Browse the results you’ve taken.
        1. Open the left slap image.
        2. Zoom in on the left slap image to see it larger.
        3. Browse to the next captured image.
        4. Return to the previous image.
        5. Return to the main sensor interface.
* You’ve completed that set of tasks, so let’s move on to the next set.

##Task group 2
* Now you’re going to set up the system to take a series of biometrics in a row.
    * TASK: Start a new workflow session
    * TASK: Set up this workflow so that it captures (in this order):
        1. A left slap, using the Crossmatch Guardian A sensor
        2. A right slap, using the Crossmatch Guardian A sensor
        3. A face image, using the WebCam A sensor
    * TASK: Rearrange the steps inside the workflow so that the face image is captured before the right slap.
    * TASK: Rename the workflow to “Test Workflow”
* Now it’s time to go through the workflow you created.  A new employee arrives, looking very much like Leonard Nimoy.
    * TASK: Perform all capture steps included in this workflow.
        * NOTE: While you are preparing to take the Right Slap, the employee asks to have a replacement picture taken.
        * SUBTASK: Return to the Face capture step, retake the picture, then resume the workflow.
* After completing the capture session, you realize that the middle finger on the right slap print isn’t satisfactory.  
    * TASK: Since you cannot retake this print, annotate the right slap to indicate that the middle fingerprint could not be acquired.